Before we analyze Nonavox from a
more technical perspective and try
to draw some conclusions,
I would like you to tell us a little
about what it consists of.
First, what are your customer
segments?
Nonavox had two customer segments.
On the one hand, in our case it was
a subscription model aimed at the
segment of pregnant women and moms
of babies up to two years, moms
and dads, and on the other
hand it was also a B2B, because
our customers were all brands
that had products aimed at
our B2C customer segment.
Well, that is, connecting, I would almost
say that it is a platform that has
two sides, that you connect moms
and dads, that I understand that
they are basically moms, which you
said for decency.
Yes, there was as much as 2% of dads.
Because it's more politically
correct and with brands that
sell products targeted to that
customer segment.
What do you offer to one and what do you
offer to others?
We solved two problems.
We solved the problem of pregnant
women and mothers, especially
in the case of first-born
mothers, you get pregnant and
suddenly you get a lot of questions.
And you enter a sector where there
are very many products, five different
types of tatin, five different types
of diapers, that if they are braguita
diapers, that if they are such,
that if they are not know how many
ecological, creams.
That is, you enter a world of
products you don't know anything
about and you normally don't have
time to research.
In the end, it requires
to do tremendous market research
to get to the best products.
So, Nonavox what I did was, hear,
every month we will go sending
the products appropriate to the stage
of pregnancy or the age of the baby
and your preferences so that
you do not have to waste time
looking and so you can try them
comfortably at home.
And we solved the problem
of this brutal competition.
It's a super-segmented market,
with a lot of players on every
product vertical, where all
brands fight for being in
the top of mind of moms
and many of them also didn't
have the digital skills
to get it.
Then, we offered brands
the way to reach their potential
customers directly, people
who had told us they were
interested, for example,
in using a whisper, because
we sent the whisper only
to those, but then we sent
them the market study
because our clients were
encouraged by a point
system to answer questions
about the product that
had sent us to the
brand.
How are revenue generated?
You said subscribers pay
a quota.
Did you have any income from
the marks?
No, by the markers.
Income or Expense?
None of.
That is, brands gave the products
in exchange for being in the boxes,
reaching their potential customers
and that market study we
offered them then with the
customer responses to having
used their products.
We came to monetize in some
cases in more specific
cases when brands used
us to test different markets.
In a couple of occasions Spanish
brands used us to test,
for example, the German market.
So, as we had customers in Germany,
they sent 5000 products there
and that market study was directed
to the interest that could be generated
in that country.
I understand that that line of that
income stream you could have developed
much more, but let's, which
is actually not the core.
The core was the 25 euros a month
a client pays.
The key yesterday was, of course,
the clients were receiving surprises boxes.
That is, the customers didn't know what
products they were going to receive
in the box the next month.
So, at the level of perceived
value, the value proposal was,
you're going to pay 25 euros, you
don't know what you're going to
receive, but we commit to what
you're going to receive is at
least twice the value of what you've
paid.
That is, at least 50 euros will be
worth the products in the box and
normally they were around 60 to 70
euros.
We also commit to the content that
will be interesting and that will
be adapted 100 percent to your stage
of pregnancy, the age of your
baby and your preferences.
We will never repeat the products.
One doubt that arises to me is the
value that customers perceive is by
knowing products or by using the products
themselves.
There were two legs.
I was the ear-foot, it is that
I am discovering products that allow
me to be the most guay mom in the
park or kindergarten, because
suddenly my child carries a super
niche French brand that has just
arrived in Spain or I have discovered
a super innovative product
that is still not known in
Spain.
And on the other hand, there
was the cholo mentality we all
have.
Of course, I'm paying 25 euros
and only this hairdresser that has
come to me in the box is already
worth 25 euros.
But it's that I also have
a cream, I have a pot and I have
two more toys and a star
cream for me.
Then it was those two mentalities
that were very good because it
allowed us to cover a very
wide segment of customers.
It was my mom that what seemed
to her most valuable proposal was
that and I am discovering a super
exclusive fragrance for my baby
or a super innovative, super
technological product.
And I was the mom who said hearing
is that it is that only this cream
of 15 euros has already practically
paid me what it entered.
What would you say were the
key metrics of the business model?
Clarely, I believe as in all, but
in this case more, being a recurring
business, the cost of capture,
but above all the recurrence,
that costumer life value and the
churn, that in addition to the
churn we did an analysis of
cuts and the churn allowed us
to see the quality of the boxes.
At the end we had an excel in which
we know that the clients stay
with us, it depended on the country,
but the average was 14 months,
14 months, 14 months.
That was our big challenge, that is,
the big challenge, and all that allowed
us to load ourselves to the
competition in many countries was
the algorithm we developed, which
allowed us to make 250 different
types of boxes instead of those 250.
Because you get a box that doesn't quarter
you and you automatically disabout.
In fact, that was the main
reason why mothers were
down was why.
Look, I think of one of the classes
we've seen in The Power MBA
and are the different
growth engines.
So, depending on the growth engine,
it is necessary to understand it very
well and monitor some metrics or others.
So, there is one that is called,
which we have called sticky
or sticky and in which the company
has to be obsessed with the lifetime,
not only with the economic value,
but with the time frame
and has to permanently monitor
the churn rate.
And so what you say, that was an
absolute almost obsession,
because based on those churn rate
shortcuts you had to analyze whether
you were delivering
boxes of higher quality or less.
Just because our product changed
every month and every month we
launched a new product and the
success that had that product,
the acceptance that I had would
depend on the number of customers
we had the following month.
That is, it wasn't like a
cosmetic company that has the same
cream and sells it every month.
In our case, we had a product
that was constantly evolving
and we had to be continuously
learning and improving.
Then, the churn was the key metric,
because at the end people are disabling,
they are subscribing again, they sometimes
give you reasons for not being
dismissed because they have forgotten
me, but the numbers don't fail,
the numbers don't lie.
So, that churn metric, we knew
that automatically led us
to look first at the quality of
the box and if not the logistics
partner.
Back to the class
conclusions we saw about
the growth engine.
One of the conclusions I said about
this Sticky growth engine is
that you worry less about
the CPA, all the metrics
have to worry you, but it's
almost better to focus on one.
And if you think of a box with a monthly
ARPU of 25 euros, I don't know what
your CPA was, but the key, the
real leverage is the churn, that
is, because with 25 euros a month
you get to stay 5 months more,
that's much more sensitive than
the CPA, which can raise you
5 or 10 euros, I don't know.
If at the end of the churn what you
are measuring is the quality of the
product and if the product is good,
the CPA ends up dropping, because
at the end you viralize more.
If your moms are delighted, they are
your best ambassadors.
But if you order if you send a bad
box a month, it will affect
you as well as the CPA, because
you will start creating a
bad online reputation that
will make you cost a lot more
to get customers.
We at the end was a product one that
was not necessary and two that was as
very mysterious, because I said people
I'm going to pay 25 euros a month for
something I don't know what is what
they're going to send me.
So, in our case, the prescription
of the clients we already had was
fundamental, because it was
what generated the new clients
security of the value, I will pay
25 euros, I don't know what they
will send me, but all of these
are happy with what they have
received.
So, for us to send a bad box was
an absolute drama, because you
not only lost the clients
you already had, but started to
fill the web with bad comments
about your box and automatically
raised the CPA of the new clients,
because you cost a lot more
to give the credibility
that they came with you.
What was the CPA?
The average CPA was 15 euros.
Of course, if we think it is very clear,
the important thing was not the CPA, because
it is that you would take out
25 euros per month for each customer.
That is, only you could improve
a little the product and lower the soil
a little, and that instead of 10
months, to say something, it is in
15, because it is that...
It is exponential.
It's not that every month you get more
you are already, it's that you're
exceeding the cost of customer
capture.
That is, in addition, by the business
model, as the product that went
inside the boxes, we
got it without cost of the
brands, our costs were only
the shipping, the box and picking.
That is, nothing more.
That is, we had some margins, depending
also on the country, but of 60 percent,
65 percent.
Then, of course, that impact on the
costumer live value was immediately
noticed by having such high
margins.